## Debriefing

<details>
<summary>Debriefing</summary>
<br>
The case I got assigned to is that of Darice de Cuba. Darice has become deaf at
a late age which means she has a rememberance of speech and sounds. A hobby of
hers is to watch films and Netflix, but the problem she has been experiencing
because of her inability to hear, is that a lot of nuance is lost while watching
the film. A lot of movies offer closed captions but these are so neutral that
the context and emotion behind certain words is lost.

**Design Challenge**

How can we design closed captions in a way that the tension and sensation from
the sound of movies isn't lost in the closed captions.

</details>

## Concept

For the final concept for Darice I've made closed captions using WebVTT. In the
closed captions I will use `color` to differentiate between characters,
`font-weight` and `font-size` to convey emotions and put emphasis on certain
words and lastly I've implemented a equalizer to give feedback to Darice how
loud the sound is at any moment in the film.

-  [Live version](https://darice-closed-captions.netlify.app/)

The equalizer wont be visible on some screens since its positioned with `position: absolute`. See the recording of the equalizer below:

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43675725/116683269-a0f95d80-a9af-11eb-90d6-c57dbba57b73.mp4

## Why this concept?

### Ignoring conventions

By ignoring the conventions you make it possible to design a product that caters
to the needs of one person. In my case, this is Darice. Since Darice is a
front-end developer herself, it was hard to ignore conventions because Darice
likes to put emphasis on conventions. The way I ignored conventions is by using
`color`, `font-weight` and `font-size` in the closed captions. These are
currentley not used in closed captions, but because Darice is deaf these
features will make the experience for Darice better. It is also a convention to
indicate silence with closed captions in a movie but Darice said this isn't
necesarry for her so I didn't implement this in the closed captions.

Using color to differentiate between characters: <br>
<img width="1003" alt="Schermafbeelding 2021-04-30 om 12 11 57" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43675725/116681581-71e1ec80-a9ad-11eb-8a03-cb8b03958866.png">

Using font-weight and font-size to put emphasis on a word: <br>
<img width="1000" alt="Schermafbeelding 2021-04-30 om 12 11 01" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43675725/116681540-64c4fd80-a9ad-11eb-89a2-3c9f6e2ea1c1.png">

### Prioritise identity

Darice likes to watch sci-fi and is a massive fan of the serie Friends. Since
Darice is into sci-fi I decided to use the Star Wars movie for the closed
captions since I think this will be closer to herself. Since Darice is deaf I
decided to implement an equalizer into the closed captions. This makes it
possible for Darice to get a better understanding when there is silence in a
movie and when there is sound. I also tried to mostly follow the conventions
since Darice likes these and sprinkled some features into the closed captions
that cater more to Darice.

Adding a equalizer to indicate when there is sound or no sound: <br>
<img width="998" alt="Schermafbeelding 2021-04-30 om 12 10 22" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43675725/116681519-5f67b300-a9ad-11eb-908d-008668968d64.png">

### Add nonsense

Since Darice likes to put emphasis on conventions in her designs, it was pretty
hard to add nonsense to the product that is specifically for her. I added
nonsense by describing some sound effects in the movie in a funny way. Since
Darice won't be able to hear these sounds I thought it would be fun to give her
a good laugh instead sometimes.

Describing noise effects in a silly way: <br>
<img width="1000" alt="Schermafbeelding 2021-04-30 om 12 11 22" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43675725/116681554-68f11b00-a9ad-11eb-92e8-2f2d33d381d0.png">

## Test results

### Test results week 1

**Conclusion**

The closed captions should be minimalistic and varying in the size and weight of
the font to convey the context and emotion behind the closed captions.

For the full rest report visit:

[Test report week 1](https://github.com/benl95/human-centered-design-2021/wiki/Testverslag---7-april)

### Test results week 2

**Conclusion**

Emojis shouldn't be used in closed captions to convey emotions since she is
looking at the facial expression of the actors. Colors are a good options but it
is important that a small selection with colors that make sense are used. The
contrast should be good also to make it readable. In the next variation I should
implement sound and music in the closed captions to give a better experience for
Darice.

For the full test report visit:

[Test report week 2](https://github.com/benl95/human-centered-design-2021/wiki/Testverslag---14-april)

### Test results week 3

For the full test report visit:

**Conclusion**

Colors shouldn't be used to convey emotions but used to differantiate
characters. To convey emotions I will be using `font weight` and `font size` for
some words to put more emphasis on them. Music and sound captions should be
displayed in the bottom of the screen to make the reading experience for Darice
more pleasurable. An equalizer is also effective to indicate silence to Darice

[Test report week 3](https://github.com/benl95/human-centered-design-2021/wiki/Testverslag-21-april)
